Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Never ontological test three c on.
This is a logical test.
Checking if one criteria is true.
Run one craters twice a term that if one criterium is true Andi,
the other iss false.
So we know what mostly code does.
So we're just gonna step through this all the way down to the test on.
Here we go,
so you'll notice.
The difference is if the active seldom value equals male.
Andi,
the active soldat offset zero comma,
three sets.
33 columns across value does not.
Rips does not equal brown.
Then do this,
if not moved down the self you concealed move the active cell offset down here.
Okay,
so here we go.
The active seldom value equals male and the active cell offset does equal brown on.
We're looking things that do not equal brown,
which is the less than and greater than characters.
So we're just gonna come down to the active cell offset live and again.
But this time it's happy because the active seldom value is male on the active cell offset
Three columns across is black,
which is not equal to brown.
So this line of code executed because one test was true on the other test was false,
which is exactly what we've tested for.
So I'm just gonna hit play.
So there you go.
There,
all of our answers already in there.
It is a man,
but he doesn't have brown hair.
And that will be true for all of those.
Run this code and test it if you don't believe me.
Okay,
let's have a quick,
sneaky peek out what we're going to come up to next.
Okay,
you have another program in project.
Should you choose to accept it?
Copy and paste the code immediately above in here on converted to using the cells.
So again,
we've used the active celled up value,
and we've been offsetting.
But convert that to use cells and you'll know,
use the for next loop with the X and you on the X increases by one.
Okay.
I'll see you in the next lecture where we're gonna have a look in it,
checking whether either of the criteria is true.
I'll see you in the next lecture.